What is manovaidya?
ManoVaidya is portal that helps an individual to detect and overcome his/her mental health condition.
how is manovaidya helpful
We can do a cognitive health test, take mental therapy with volunteer, talk with ai chatbot and use the selfcare activities.
what are selfcare activities 
to improve the users mental state with the help of activities like yoga,meditation,inspirational stories and motivational routine.
How to know if I am depressed
Take the cognitive health test and you will know are you feeling depressed or not.
what is chatbot
the chatbot will be able to provide positive advice and give optimistic thoughts with 24 by 7 support system.
what is therapy chatroom
The user will be able to have voice call conversations with other volunteers to help and support them in improving mentalhealth. 
Good morning, how are you?
I am doing well, how about you?
Good morning, how are you?
I'm also good.
Hello
Hi
How are you doing?
I am doing well.
Can I help you with anything?
Yes, I have a question.
How are you doing?
I am doing well, how about you?
You are arrogant
I am not human, so how can I partake of a human emotion such as arrogance?
You are bragging
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am.
You are never sad
Are you sad?
You are never nice
What have I done that isn't nice?
Do you feel?
I may have In some respects, I am programmed to emulate feelings.
how do yoga help in improving mental health
yoga practices suggest they can reduce the impact of exaggerated stress and may be helpful for both anxiety and depression.
Which yoga is best for mental health
Balasana-Get down on your knees, keeping the spine straight and Viparita Karani-Initially, sit about 3 inches from an empty wall. 
how do meditation help in improving mental health
meditation can help individuals sleep better, cope with some symptoms associated with mental disorders like depression and anxiety,  and even improve some cognitive and behavioral functions.
what type of food to improve mental health
To boost your mental health, focus on eating plenty of fruits and vegetables.
  